About Us
Why Choose Us
Client Testimonials
Research Methodology
Corporate Presentation
Press Release
Media Citation
The Brainy Insights is a market research company, aimed at providing actionable insights through data analytics to companies to improve their business acumen. We have a robust forecasting and estimation model to meet the clients' objectives of high-quality output within a short span of time.

We provide both customized (clients' specific) and syndicate reports. Our repository of syndicate reports is diverse across all the categories and sub-categories across domains. Our customized solutions are tailored to meet the clients' requirement whether they are looking to expand or planning to launch a new product in the global market.

We publish market research reports after thorough analysis from both primary and secondary sources, which comprises of market overview, market sizing estimation, competitive landscape, major player, key trends, and current market scenario.

We have a dedicated team of highly expert analysts and consultants specific to each domain to provide an in-depth analysis of the different industries. Our teams have experience in keeping track of recent development across industries and interpret them to provide the clients with the most recent analysis and market sizing forecast.

Some of the industries we track include automotive & transportation, energy & power, food & beverages, chemicals & materials, information & communication technology, and healthcare to name a few.

Vision
Our mission is to provide research reports with thorough data analysis to help clients in transforming their businesses

Mission
Our vision is to become one of the world’s top market research and consulting company providing business intelligence in the niche and growing segment across domains

About Us
Why Choose Us
Client Testimonials
Research Methodology
Corporate Presentation
Press Release
Media Citation
Competitive Benchmarking
In-depth analysis of Major Players and New Entrants of the market

Global Outreach
6 Major regions and 40+ countries level analysis accomplished

Updated Repository
Our team tracks the market periodically and update the trends & dynamics every quarter

Analyst Support
Our team is available over call and email to assist you for pre & post sale exigencies

Proactive
We manage our resources 24/7 to identify issues and address them before they become problems

Expertise
Our senior researchers personally manage -and stay involved in- every project

Tailored support
Our service is tailored specifically to you and your organisation. Our approach is always structured and efficient. At every stage, it will be clear to you how we are helping you meet your objectives

Quality & Reliability
We are committed in providing reliable and highly accurate data. We also have an excellent quality control system that validates the data collected and analysed

Competitive Pricing
Our pricing strategy is highly competitive in the market, without compensating on the quality and the timeline of project delivery

Client Satisfaction
Long term relationship with our clients is our key approach. We understand that additional support is required as the market is always volatile. Client Satisfaction is our top priority

Providing insights to 1000+ enterprises across 80+ countries.
To date, we have worked with 1000+ enterprises across 30+ industries, to deliver precise data and actionable insights in over 2,000 projects

Fast Delivery
With our humongous database of market intelligence reports, we make sure you get top-notch solutions with swift turnarounds that suit your deadlines

Customer Satisfaction
For any organization it is of vital importance that their customers are happy and satisfied. We at The Brainy Insights make sure that we are understanding our clients research needs and serve them effectively

Testimonials
When you get appreciated for your work from your clients it pushes you to do better for every client and it also helps other clients to get the trust. The Brainy Insights have received great reviews for their work, you can check testimonials section to read their experience about our services

About Us
Why Choose Us
Client Testimonials
Research Methodology
Corporate Presentation
Press Release
Media Citation
Research has its special purpose to undertake marketing efficiently. In this competitive scenario, businesses need information across all industry verticals; the information about customer wants, market demand, competition, industry trends, distribution channels etc. This information needs to be updated regularly because businesses operate in a dynamic environment. Our organization, The Brainy Insights incorporates scientific and systematic research procedures in order to get proper market insights and industry analysis for overall business success. The analysis consists of studying the market from a miniscule level wherein we implement statistical tools which helps us in examining the data with accuracy and precision. 

Our research reports feature both; quantitative and qualitative aspects for any market. Qualitative information for any market research process are fundamental because they reveal the customer needs and wants, usage and consumption for any product/service related to a specific industry. This in turn aids the marketers/investors in knowing certain perceptions of the customers. Qualitative research can enlighten about the different product concepts and designs along with unique service offering that in turn, helps define marketing problems and generate opportunities. On the other hand, quantitative research engages with the data collection process through interviews, e-mail interactions, surveys and pilot studies. Quantitative aspects for the market research are useful to validate the hypotheses generated during qualitative research method, explore empirical patterns in the data with the help of statistical tools, and finally make the market estimations.

The Brainy Insights offers comprehensive research and analysis, based on a wide assortment of factual insights gained through interviews with CXOs and global experts and secondary data from reliable sources. Our analysts and industry specialist assume vital roles in building up statistical tools and analysis models, which are used to analyse the data and arrive at accurate insights with exceedingly informative research discoveries. The data provided by our organization have proven precious to a diverse range of companies, facilitating them to address issues such as determining which products/services are the most appealing, whether or not customers use the product in the manner anticipated, the purchasing intentions of the market and many others.

Our research methodology encompasses an idyllic combination of primary and secondary initiatives. Key phases involved in this process are listed below:

MARKET RESEARCH PROCESS

Data Procurement:
The phase involves the gathering and collecting of market data and its related information with the help of different sources & research procedures.


The data procurement stage involves in data gathering and collecting through various data sources.

This stage involves in extensive research. These data sources includes:

Purchased Database: Purchased databases play a crucial role in estimating the market sizes irrespective of the domain. Our purchased database includes:

The organizational databases such as D&B Hoovers, and Bloomberg that helps us to identify the competitive scenario of the key market players/organizations along with the financial information.
Industry/Market databases such as Statista, and Factiva provides market/industry insights and deduce certain formulations. 
We also have contractual agreements with various reputed data providers and third party vendors who provide information which are not limited to:
Import & Export Data
Business Trade Information
Usage rates of a particular product/service on certain demographics mainly focusing on the unmet prerequisites
Primary Research: The Brainy Insights interacts with leading companies and experts of the concerned domain to develop the analyst team’s market understanding and expertise. It improves and substantiates every single data presented in the market reports. Primary research mainly involves in telephonic interviews, E-mail interactions and face-to-face interviews with the raw material providers, manufacturers/producers, distributors, & independent consultants. The interviews that we conduct provides valuable data on market size and industry growth trends prevailing in the market. Our organization also conducts surveys with the various industry experts in order to gain overall insights of the industry/market. For instance, in healthcare industry we conduct surveys with the pharmacists, doctors, surgeons and nurses in order to gain insights and key information of a medical product/device/equipment which the customers are going to usage. Surveys are conducted in the form of questionnaire designed by our own analyst team. Surveys plays an important role in primary research because surveys helps us to identify the key target audiences of the market. Additionally, surveys helps to identify the key target audience engaged with the market. Our survey team conducts the survey by targeting the key audience, thus gaining insights from them. Based on the perspectives of the customers, this information is utilized to formulate market strategies. Moreover, market surveys helps us to understand the current competitive situation of the industry. To be precise, our survey process typically involve with the 360 analysis of the market. This analytical process begins by identifying the prospective customers for a product or service related to the market/industry to obtain data on how a product/service could fit into customers’ lives.


Secondary Research: The secondary data sources includes information published by the on-profit organizations such as World bank, WHO, company fillings, investor presentations, annual reports, national government documents, statistical databases, blogs, articles, white papers and others. From the annual report, we analyse a company’s revenue to understand the key segment and market share of that organization in a particular region. We analyse the company websites and adopt the product mapping technique which is important for deriving the segment revenue. In the product mapping method, we select and categorize the products offered by the companies catering to domain specific market, deduce the product revenue for each of the companies so as to get overall estimation of the market size. We also source data and analyses trends based on information received from supply side and demand side intermediaries in the value chain. The supply side denotes the data gathered from supplier, distributor, wholesaler and the demand side illustrates the data gathered from the end customers for respective market domain.


The supply side for a domain specific market is analysed by:

Estimating and projecting penetration rates through analysing product attributes, availability of internal and external substitutes, followed by pricing analysis of the product.
Experiential assessment of year-on-year sales of the product by conducting interviews.
The demand side for the market is estimated through:

Evaluating the penetration level and usage rates of the product.
Referring to the historical data to determine the growth rate and evaluate the industry trends
In-house Library: Apart from these third-party sources, we have our in-house library of qualitative and quantitative information. Our in-house database includes market data for various industry and domains. These data are updated on regular basis as per the changing market scenario. Our library includes, historic databases, internal audit reports and archives.

Sometimes there are instances where there is no metadata or raw data available for any domain specific market. For those cases, we use our expertise to forecast and estimate the market size in order to generate comprehensive data sets. Our analyst team adopt a robust research technique in order to produce the estimates:

Applying demographic along with psychographic segmentation for market evaluation
Determining the Micro and Macro-economic indicators for each region 
Examining the industry indicators prevailing in the market. 
Data Synthesis: This stage involves the analysis & mapping of all the information obtained from the previous step. It also involves in scrutinizing the data for any discrepancy observed while data gathering related to the market. The data is collected with consideration to the heterogeneity of sources. Robust scientific techniques are in place for synthesizing disparate data sets and provide the essential contextual information that can orient market strategies. The Brainy Insights has extensive experience in data synthesis where the data passes through various stages:

Data Screening: Data screening is the process of scrutinising data/information collected from primary research for errors and amending those collected data before data integration method. The screening involves in examining raw data, identifying errors and dealing with missing data. The purpose of the data screening is to ensure data is correctly entered or not. The Brainy Insights employs objective and systematic data screening grades involving repeated cycles of quality checks, screening and suspect analysis.
Data Integration: Integrating multiple data streams is necessary to produce research studies that provide in-depth picture to the clients. These data streams come from multiple research studies and our in house database. After screening of the data, our analysts conduct creative integration of data sets, optimizing connections between integrated surveys and syndicated data sources. There are mainly 2 research approaches that we follow in order to integrate our data; top down approach and bottom up approach.

Market Deduction & Formulation: The final stage comprises of assigning data points at appropriate market spaces so as to deduce feasible conclusions. Analyst perspective & subject matter expert based holistic form of market sizing coupled with industry analysis also plays a crucial role in this stage.

This stage involves in finalization of the market size and numbers that we have collected from data integration step. With data interpolation, it is made sure that there is no gap in the market data. Successful trend analysis is done by our analysts using extrapolation techniques, which provide the best possible forecasts for the market.

Data Validation & Market Feedback: Validation is the most important step in the process. Validation & re-validation via an intricately designed process helps us finalize data-points to be used for final calculations.


The Brainy Insights interacts with leading companies and experts of the concerned domain to develop the analyst team’s market understanding and expertise. It improves and substantiates every single data presented in the market reports. The data validation interview and discussion panels are typically composed of the most experienced industry members. The participants include, however, are not limited to:

CXOs and VPs of leading companies’ specific to sector
Purchasing managers, technical personnel, end-users
Key opinion leaders such as investment bankers, and industry consultants
Moreover, we always validate our data and findings through primary respondents from all the major regions we are working on.

