in the individual reports section the subtitle should continue from where the title ends in the same line as it is a continuation of the title 
I need a full blown html text editor with bullet points linking hyperlinks and more like br and headings and all of it functionality in the following sections where there is a minimal text editor for the time being 
Press release - Description 
Report Page:
Research Summary
Market Dynamics 
Regional Insights
Key Market Players
Table Of Contents
next on the individual reports page I need the parsed content from the key market player section containing the Recent Strategic Developments
I need this part to be displayed right after the introduction show it as a subsection with heading being Recent Strategic Developments
there is a splitting failure as below:
A. Market Drivers
The aerosol can market is witnessing robust growth driven by several key factors. Firstly, technological innovations in propellant systems and materials have significantly enhanced the performance and efficiency of aerosol cans. For instance, the

introduction
of low-global warming pote
the introduction is made another subsection and split which is wrong as the content needed to be split is only:
Market Dynamics
A. Market DriversB. Market Restraints
C. Market Opportunities
make the hero section on the home page to shorter so the trusted by industry leaders is in the frame along with the scrolling strip 
on the home page on the featured reports section render the cards displaying some information about the report the same as they are in the /reports section of the website

look at the theme and schema of the ui and components and develop Terms and Conditions webpage and link it to the footer use the following content to be populated follow seo and modern and minimalistic and professional look for the following content:
"Terms and Conditions
Home
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to The Brainy Insights!

These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of The Brainy Insight's Website, located at https://www.thebrainyinsights.com/.

By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use The Brainy Insights if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.

The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and all Agreements: "Client", "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person log on this website and compliant to the Company’s terms and conditions. "The Company", "Ourselves", "We", "Our" and "Us", refers to our Company. "Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the Client and ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of Netherlands. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.

Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By accessing The Brainy Insights, you agreed to use cookies in agreement with the The Brainy Insights's Privacy Policy.

Most interactive websites use cookies to let us retrieve the user’s details for each visit. Cookies are used by our website to enable the functionality of certain areas to make it easier for people visiting our website. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.

License
Unless otherwise stated, The Brainy Insights and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on The Brainy Insights. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from The Brainy Insights for your own personal use subjected to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.

You must not:

Republish material from The Brainy Insights
Sell, rent or sub-license material from The Brainy Insights
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from The Brainy Insights
Redistribute content from The Brainy Insights
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.

Products and Services
The Brainy Insights holds all the rights to change, modify, and discontinue any of its products or services without prior notice. 

Delivery of the Products
The delivery of purchase reports through The Brainy Insights will be done within 3 working days. However, the delivery duration may increase as per the client requirements. 

Liability
If any of our product, service, or information leads to monetary or statuary loss or damage to the user, The Brainy Insights is not liable and cannot be hold accountable.

Payments
The Brainy Insights uses several third-party payment gateways in order to process the payments. All users purchasing products from our website thus approve to process payments through such third-party gateways. 

Refund and Cancellation Policy 
Considering the nature of the product, The Brainy Insights does not have a refund policy and no refunds will be provided to the users purchasing our products and services. Also, order once placed cannot be cancelled. 

Warranty 
The Brainy Insights do not provide any warranty or gurantee of any of its products and services. 

Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Website without prior written approval:

Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors may link to our Website in the same manner as they hyperlink to the Websites of other listed businesses; and
System wide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Website information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products and/or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.

We may consider and approve other link requests from the following types of organizations:

commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources;
dot.com community sites;
associations or other groups representing charities;
online directory distributors;
internet portals;
accounting, law and consulting firms; and
educational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we decide that: (a) the link would not make us look unfavourable to ourselves or to our accredited businesses; (b) the organization does not have any negative records with us; (c) the benefit to us from the visibility of the hyperlink compensates the absence of The Brainy Insights; and (d) the link is in the context of general resource information.

These organizations may link to our home page so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.

If you are one of the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website, you must inform us by sending an e-mail to The Brainy Insights. Please include your name, your organization name, contact information as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Website, and a list of the URLs on our site to which you would like to link. Wait 2-3 weeks for a response.

Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Website as follows:

By use of our corporate name; or
By use of the uniform resource locator being linked to; or
By use of any other description of our Website being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party’s site.
No use of The Brainy Insight's logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.

iFrames
Without prior approval and written permission, you may not create frames around our Webpages that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Website.

Content Liability
We shall not be hold responsible for any content that appears on your Website. You agree to protect and defend us against all claims that is rising on your Website. No link(s) should appear on any Website that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.

Your Privacy
Please read Privacy Policy

Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Website. You approve to immediately remove all links to our Website upon request. We also reserve the right to amen these terms and conditions and it’s linking policy at any time. By continuously linking to our Website, you agree to be bound to and follow these linking terms and conditions.

Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Website that is offensive for any reason, you are free to contact and inform us any moment. We will consider requests to remove links but we are not obligated to or so or to respond to you directly.

We do not ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we promise to ensure that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.

Trademarks
All our service marks, trademarks, trade names, logos, on and in products and services are proprietary of their respective owners and protected under the trademark and copyright law.

Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website. Nothing in this disclaimer will:

limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and prohibitions of liability set in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort and for breach of statutory duty.

As long as the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature."

similarly make Privacy Policy with the following content(remove the parts about the cookies as we do not collect cookies):
"Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
The Brainy Insights LLP (“us,” “we,” or “Company”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors, and other users of the Company Website (the “Site”). We created this Website Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. This Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy.

THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) addressing the data protection and privacy of users accessing our website from the European Union. User are requested to feel free to get in touch with us on sales@thebrainyinsights.com for any queries regarding the GDPR policy. 

Personal Data of User and the Company
The privacy policy explains how the user information is collected, used, shared, and protected as we respect user privacy. This policy also reveals the user choices for managing user information preferences, which includes rights of user’s personal data under the EU GDPR.

Personal Data Collected By the Company
A user opting for the services on the website is liable to submit information such as name, email address, phone number, and address. 

Also, when a user makes a purchase from our website, we collect users financial information like credit card details. However, the website does not store such information and it is used only by the payment card processor to complete the payment. The affirmative consent from the users from EU makes our process and mechanism of collecting payments easier. The users from EU can withdraw such consent anytime by sending us an email on payments@thebrainyinsights.com. 

Personal Data Storage and Use
The personal data collected on the website is used to: 

Attain requests submitted by the user
Complete the payment process
Send updates to the user regarding the purchased products
Inform users about new offers and products that might interest them 
The data submitted by the user is stored on secure servers in the United States. This information will not be shared with any third party without the consent of the user. The exception to this will be cases wherein it becomes necessary for us to provide the user information to comply with the law.

Data Collected Other Than Personal Information
We analyse our website traffic and may collect information such as IP address, browser information, and location. This information helps us in monitoring our marketing strategies and improving overall user interaction on the website. 

We also collect data from your browser cookies with your consent in order to improve your browsing experience. 

Information Collected 
We collect information such as name, email address, phone number, and address in order to offer the best services to our clients. Our website may also access your IP address, browser, and location, which may not necessarily include your personal information. The website will also collect data from your browser cookies with your consent in order to improve your browsing experience. 

Information Sharing 
We strictly do not disclose or share our user’s information to any third party whatsoever. The information collected is only used by us for business purpose and providing additional services related to product purchases. "

on the /contact section there is a form with the following fields:
Contact Our Research Team
Full Name *
Enter your full name
Business Email *
Enter your business email address
Country *
Select a country
Phone Number *
+00
Enter your phone number
Company *
Enter your company name
Designation *
Enter your job title/designation
Description (Optional)
Tell us more about your needs...
Submit Your Request
on the /admin/requests is where the form submitions needs to be shown and also add a button to one click export all the submitions into excel
make necessary db schema updation and api route change
also after adding in the blob storage the image upload is still failing and has errors look at the bloberror.txt
and handle the errors for a smooth images upload and ui render as well



understand the user requirements and intent and develop end to end solutions for the project scope refer to the project schema and files for better understanding 